And,
uh,
when you're talking about this state sponsored Russian doping program,
I mean,
do you have to really think in include corral and in that because he was just a
massive,
massive part of it?
Yeah,
I'm sure.
I mean,
you know,
when people have always speculated for for many years like fade or who is
arguably the greatest heavyweight of all time was a competing and pride,
which was an openly dirty league when pride was opposite the UFC.
The UFC had very rudimentary testing at the time.
What they would essentially do is do urine testing at the way ends,
which uh,
Victor Conte famously said is just uh,
an intelligence.
I know.
Yeah.
I got to meet him.
I got to know him pretty well through this.
Yeah.
At victory to the podcast a few years back and was talking about,
and this is pre Usada now the UFC has hired Usada and the Wicki and Jeff
Novitsky has done a fantastic job and unfortunately just caught John Jones who a
one re won the title,
knocking out Daniel Cormier.
Yay.
They stripped him of his title and now call me is going to be the champion.
Again,
it's so fucking confusing and distorted because in a,
in mixed martial arts,
as opposed to even any other sport,
even wrestling,
wrestling,
your health is on the line,
but nowhere near as much as it is in mixed martial arts.
So the cheating,
it's not a matter of a guy getting across the finish line faster than you.
It's a matter of a guy landing blows or a woman landing blows that they would
not have been able to land had they not been cheating.
And it gets very,
very tricky because you're talking essentially about not just illegal activity,
not just cheating,
but potentially assault.
And what if someone dies?
Like what if someone is doping and it's proven that they're doping and the
beating they give their opponent leads that opponent dying.
You can make a real argument that manslaughter charges at the very least should
be filed if not murder.
Yeah,
I mean the,
it's certainly,
you know,
the implications are massive.
You can certainly make that implication.
Yeah.
And you know,
in this story,
even the,
the idea where you have thousands of athletes essentially waking up and going,
wait,
maybe I would've gone,
I would've gotten metal and had I got a metal,
what would be different in my life today?
We changed their whole world.
It's changed the whole world.
It's,
it's,
and,
and that is why,
you know,
this,
this problem is so I think hard and difficult to combat because when you look at
what is at stake,
the economics at stake,
what,
you know,
the,
the box of Wheaties essential is it that,
you know,
going in and nobody remembers second place.
It doesn't mean anything.
Doesn't mean anything.
It's all one win or you don't.
Yeah,
you win or you lose.
And if you win comes all the,
you know,
uh,
spoils.
And if you're not the winter,
you might as well almost never been there.
Well,
indifferent than the other athletic Devin endeavor because essentially it is
their life but is not professional.
Which is a really weird thing because you have so much money involved in the
Olympics.
Billions and billions of dollars are going into the hands of people who don't
even fucking compete,
which is insane.
It's unlike any other athletic pursuit.
If you look at professional sports,
I mean,
whether it's the NBA or boxing or what have you,
the vast majority of the money goes to the athletes themselves right now,
not in the Olympics and the Olympics.
Fucking zero.
No,
it's just,
it's like college basketball.
Yeah.
It's insane.
Purely an honor to be in the Olympics to go to the Olympics and the athletes
themselves,
you know,
and this is why it's actually you're able to understand a state sponsored
system,
which I think the American mentality is hard to understand because here we're
looking at $205 million NBA contracts and sport is privatized and the athletes
get paid.
And that even when you go to the Olympics as an American athlete,
you might be competing for America,
but America is not paying your way to the Olympics.
You're not on the US payroll.
Michael Phelps is not being paid by the U S government to go compete in the
Olympics.
Right.
But in China,
in Russia,
in an any essentially,
you know,
post Communist,
communist,
any sort of country like that.
The athletes are employees of the government and they're essentially state
employees,
and their job is to go and compete for their country and they're being paid to
do so.
[inaudible].